We just added a new tool to Pixelab, and
this one is really useful for game devs.
This is Create Tiles Pro.
With this tool, you can generate
different kinds of pixel art tiles
really fast for your maps and
environments.
You can choose from multiple tile types
like isometric, hexagonal flat top,
hexagonal pointy top, octagonal, and
square top down.
You can also choose different tile
sizes. So, if you want something smaller
and simpler, or larger with more detail,
you've got options.
You can control the view angle, too.
>> [music]
>> So, if you want a more top-down look,
you can push it in that direction. And
if you want more visible depth, you can
adjust that as well.
And if you already have a style you
like, you can upload up to 16 style
tiles to guide the generation [music]
and keep everything more consistent.
So, instead of starting from scratch
every time, you can make new tiles that
better match [music] an existing
environment.
So, yeah, if you need fast tile
generation for your game, this makes the
whole process way easier.
It's called Create Tiles Pro, and it's
live now in pixelab.ai.